[DO NOT MERGE] Global Settings instructions changes (#1649)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/cloudflare-one/src/content/policies/filtering/configuring-block-page.md

## Download the Cloudflare certificate

1. On the [Teams dashboard](https://dash.teams.cloudflare.com), navigate to **Settings > Devices**.

1. Scroll down to the **Certificates** card.

1. Click on **Download certificate**.

> Now you'll need to add the certificate to your system. This ensures your web browser can use it to establish HTTPS connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you will need to add the certificate to your system. This ensures your web browser can use it to establish HTTPS connections.
```
